[Clang][Sema] Fix -Whigher-precision-for-complex-division (#131477)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Now correctly diagnose a tentative definition of an array with static
  storage duration in pedantic mode in C. (#GH50661)

> - ``-Whigher-precisision-for-complex-divison`` no longer incorrectly warns when the divisor is real

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``-Whigher-precisision-for-complex-divison`` warns when:
•	The divisor is complex.
•	When the complex division happens in a higher precision type due to arithmetic promotion.
•	When using the divide and assign operator (/=).
```

Author: Thanks, applied!

  in complex division. (#GH131127)

- ``-Whigher-precisision-for-complex-divison`` now correctly warns when:

>   - The dividend is real, but the divisor is complex.

Reviewer: This is throwing me off again. Because you are mentioning the dividend here, but no where in the code we are looking at the dividend. So may be this should be-reworded.

Author: > but no where in the code we are looking at the dividend.

That is correct, nowhere in the *new* code are we looking at the dividend. The code before the PR was looking at only the *dividend*, and ignored the divisor:
```cpp
DetectPrecisionLossInComplexDivision(*this, TokLoc, LHSExpr);
```

This caused it to have a false positive when the dividend was complex and the divisor real, and a false negative when the dividend was real and the divisor complex.

With the change in the PR we are looking at only the *divisor*, ignoring the dividend:
```cpp
DetectPrecisionLossInComplexDivision(*this, RHS.get()->getType(), Loc);
```

The divisor is what's relevant; therefore this change fixes both the false positive and the false negative present before the PR.

> So may be this should be-reworded.

I don't know how to word this better, The "dividend is real" part is there because that's what was broken before this PR, and the "but the divisor is complex" is mostly to clarify that this is still complex division. Real / real does not and should not warn before or after this PR. Maybe this second part of the sentence is redundant given the name of the warning. Is this what's confusing about the release note?

- An error is now emitted when a ``musttail`` call is made to a function marked with the ``not_tail_called`` attribute. (#GH133509).

- ``-Whigher-precisision-for-complex-divison`` warns when:

  -	The divisor is complex
  -	When the complex division happens in a higher precision type due to arithmetic promotion
  -	When using the divide and assign operator (``/=``)

> 

Reviewer: NIT. Please put a "." at the end of each bullet.
